pnpm workspaces with typescript and cypress (#27017)
vercel/next.js: examples/with-pnpm-workspaces/README.md

# Pnpm workspaces example

> [Pnpm](ttps://pnpm.io) has built-in support for monorepositories (AKA multi-package repositories, multi-project repositories, or monolithic repositories). You can create a workspace to unite multiple projects inside a single repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[pnpm](https://pnpm.io) has built-in support for monorepositories (AKA multi-package repositories, multi-project repositories, or monolithic repositories). You can create a workspace to unite multiple projects inside a single repository.
```

See: <https://pnpm.io/workspaces>

## Why use it?

> If you want to get started quickly with a monorepo web-app utilising the excellent Pnpm's inbuilt workspaces feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to get started quickly with a monorepo web-app utilizing the excellent pnpm's built in workspaces feature.
```
